SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 27 (#11384)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/advanced/wpf-globalization-and-localization-overview.md

  
 **English:**  
  

>  ![Screenshot showing an English Homepage.](./media/wpf-globalization-and-localization-overview/english-homepage-sample.jpg)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![Screenshot showing an English home page.](./media/wpf-globalization-and-localization-overview/english-home-page-sample.jpg)  
```

  
 **Arabic:**  
  

>  ![Screenshot showing an Arabic Homepage.](./media/wpf-globalization-and-localization-overview/arabic-homepage-sample.jpg)  

Reviewer: home page - two words (https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/h/home-home-page)

```suggestion
 ![Screenshot showing an Arabic home page.](./media/wpf-globalization-and-localization-overview/arabic-home-page-sample.jpg)  
```

> ### Designing a Global Microsoft Homepage  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Designing a global Microsoft home page  
```
